Enforced 2fa (#773)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/getting_started/account_security.md

7. Enter your `6-digit code`
8. Generate and save your backup codes

### How to enforce two-factor authentication for users in your community?
As an administrator of a community, you can secure access to your community by requiring users to activate their second factor to access the SEKOIA.IO platform. 

> To access this feature, you must have the following permission: `COMMUNITY_WRITE_ROLE` and 2FA enable on your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access this feature, you must have the following permission: `COMMUNITY_WRITE_ROLE` and 2FA enabled on your account.
```

To enable two-factor authentication, follow these instructions:

1. Log in to SEKOIA.IO platform
2. Click on your profile picture and select `Account settings` to access the User center
3. Under Manage community > Authentication, click on the button `Enable` in the section « Two-factor authentication (2FA) »![SSO_URL](/assets/getting_started/Enforced 2FA.png)
4. Provide your password 

!!! note 

>     As a mssp community manager, you need to enforce it in each of your managed community. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As an MSSP community manager, you need to enforce 2FA in all of your managed communities. 
```
